>> Jason Lengstorf: So the first
thing that we wanna look at is kinda
the way that we get pages created.
So by default, anything that's in a pages
directory is gonna be treated as a page.
So index.js becomes index.html,
that's our homepage.
If we wanna create another page like,
like let's say an about page,
we create about.js,
and in here,
we're going to import React from react,
and then let's export a page.
So we're gonna export default.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
I'm going to use a React fragment.
So this is just a way to kinda wrap
up the components so that we don't
have to send them as an array, we don't
have to add jump markup to the to the DOM.
We don't want it a wrapper div.
One of the things that you want
to avoid with with any of these
JS frameworks is it's really
easy to create just div soup.
We don't want div soup.
React fragments allow
us to avoid div soup.
So I'm going to add, let's say,
a heading that's gonna say About Me.
I'm gonna go down to create a paragraph.
Let's make that paragraph, I don't know,
This is my personal website, and
then down here, really, that's all we
need, we've got ourselves an about page.
So let's save that, and then there's not
really any way for me to get there but
I do know because I called this about.js,
this is gonna be available at about.
So by navigating to about,
I'm able to very quickly see
these changes, and we can see.
We didn't have to start and
stop the server or anything,
we just create the file, and
there we go, we've got a page.